1. The City is a large and complex organization; tell us about your experience and how it has prepared you to successfully oversee city operations

I was born in Lincoln and I've lived here my entire life. In fact, I bought a home one block from where I grew up. I love Lincoln and I want what's best for the city and its people. 

For 12 years, I've managed an international business. My wife and I grew the business from an idea to a one of the top education consulting firms in Vietnam. During much of that time I worked another full-time job, managed multiple rental properties here in Lincoln, and have raised a family. I know how to manage my time and my responsibilities and I work hard; I take pride in all that do. As a self-reliant business owner, I know accounting and I know efficiency. As a computer programmer, I have a unique ability to understand complex systems. I know I'm prepared to stand by my beliefs as I oversee operations in Lincoln and I know I'm the best candidate to represent the great people of Lincoln.



2. Lincoln is a growing and vibrant community with citizens engaged in varied interests and pursuits; how will you bring disparate groups together to build consensus? How will you set a standard for civility?

My beliefs and decisions are always based on facts and common sense and those both go a long ways toward building consensus. Our government's duty is to the people it represents and every single Lincolnite deserves to have his voice heard. To that end, I will listen to everyone and make decisions based on what's best for the people of Lincoln.   

3. The Citizen’s Transportation Coalition recommended and voters approved an increase in the local option sales tax to help finance Lincoln’s streets infrastructure needs. Are you supportive of the quarter-cent sales tax and Advisory Committee on Transportation?

I'm not supportive of any measure that increases taxes. I am, however, in support of properly financing Lincoln's streets. We don't need to increase taxes in order to do that. I'm certain there are improvements that can be made to ____. Additionally, I believe there are other ways in which we can raise funds for maintaining our streets. 


4. What strategies would you pursue to keep the city affordable to live in?




5. Lincoln is expected to receive additional revenue from casino gambling revenue. What should the City of Lincoln do with the additional revenues?

Additional revenue collected by the city should be used to fund existing responsibilities of the city so that we can reduce existing taxes.


6. What do you see as the City’s role in retaining incumbent businesses and attracting new businesses and employees?



7. What will you do to drive innovation in the Lincoln community?

Everything starts with proper education. High school and university students ......  


