Name 
	Eric Lee Burling

Political party 
	Republican

Birth date
	July 22, 1984

Complete home address
	2920 Loveland Drive, Lincoln, NE 68502	
	
What other cities/states have you live in the past 10 years
	None

Website
	https://burlingforlincoln.com

Occupation
	President, AMVNX 
	Software Engineer
	Teacher	

Education
	UNL - BS in Computer Science

Wife
	Huong Dao, Vice-President, AMVNX

Children
	Arthur, 8
	Ericson, 1
 

QUESTIONS FOR CITY COUNCIL (Please limit responses to 80 words or fewer)

Why are you running for the City Council?

 

What sets you apart from the other candidates seeking this office?

 

What will you prioritize?

Honesty, transparency, common sense, and fiscal responsibility. 


Who do you see as your core constituent and how will you engage with those you represent if elected?

 

How do you think the city should address calls for reformed policing? 


	The city should mostly ignore calls for reformed policing in Lincoln. Our police officers have a dangerous job, and that rarely is taken into consideration when the media aims their outrage cannon at police officers who were put into potentially life-threatening situations.  


Do you support issuing bonds to finance a new central library that would replace the Bennett Martin Library on the old Pershing Auditorium block? Why or why not?

How can anyone give an honest answer to that without knowing the proposed cost of a new library? Look, libraries are great, but is there demand for a new library downtown? Love Library is open to the public and it's already downtown. We have many libraries in Lincoln that serve their communites, so do we expect families to bring their children downtown to spend the day in the library? Isn't that the sort of driving around town our mayor is actively trying to end with her climate plan? 
 

What policies or approaches should the city adopt to increase housing affordability?

The city should lower property taxes. Lower taxes paid by landlords translates into lower costs for them to rent their units which leads to more affordable housing. Additionally, the city has already allowed for (and even helped fund) the construction of many new apartment buildings, and this increase in supply will drive down the cost of apartments in multi-family homes and in less modern complexes. 


A petition drive in 2012 blocked implementation of the Fairness Ordinance, meant to stop discrimination against LGBTQ people in housing, employment and public accommodation. Should the City Council repeal the Fairness Ordinance or put it on the ballot for a citywide vote?




Has the city done enough to fund street repairs? If not, what approach would you propose to get more road improvements done?




Do you support the mayor’s Climate Action Plan? Why or why not?

 

With the city considering ways it can protect against future Salt Creek floods, what efforts would you support?

